And by now,
you should know that Lambda is Amazon's Function as a Service offering.
But did you know that if you combine CloudFront and Lambda,
you can move those functions as close to your requester as your content?
Lambda@Edge allows you to deploy Node or Python code at the same
edge locations that your content is cached.
The benefits of using Lambda at edge are huge.
It really opens a whole new world to why you would use
CloudFront to deliver your content.
We're talking about more responsive applications because of
the reduced latency and response time.
It's a fully managed solution, so there's no servers to manage,
which helps on security, compliance, and also your time and resources. But the
big thing here is that it lets you customize your content.
I'll go over a couple examples in a second just to touch on a few limitations,
which really aren't limitations, but you should be aware of them. Only Node and
Python are supported languages for running on Lambda@Edge.
You can't just deploy Lambda@Edge by itself. It has to be associated
with a CloudFront distribution in order to deploy to the edge
locations. Since it's paired with CloudFront,
and that's a global service,
not regional, you need to deploy these functions from US‑East‑1
in order to associate with the global service.
Now,
a few ways CloudFront can customize your content delivery are perhaps you want
to be able to send search engine crawlers to a static version of your content
while delivering real users to the dynamic version.
You can use Lambda@Edge for that.
Maybe you would like to run UX experiments and need to way to A/B test.
In addition to running weighted Route 53 DNS,
you can route users to a different testing origin based on
whatever category you would like with Lambda@Edge.
You can also improve your content security by adding or altering headers.
Perhaps your origin is not applying strict transport security
or you want to mask your server's banner.
All this can be done with Lambda@Edge. And it's pretty slick how
Lambda@Edge functions work within the CloudFront delivery stack.
When your visitor request reaches CloudFront edge locations,
it determines whether it should return cached content or if it
needs to pass the request to a Lambda@Edge function before
returning the content from origin or cache.
Okay,
so let's take that third example we just mentioned. We're
going to add a simple Lambda function which will help us
apply secure headers to our website.
As you can see, when we call our event website, we
receive a few response headers,
Content‑Encoding and Type, Date, ETag, and several CloudFront headers.
Well, there are several things you may want to tell the browser,
which we'll enable to handle your website securely.
For example, content type options, frame options,
cross‑site scripting protection, and there are many more. You can learn all
about security headers and Mozilla's infosec website.
I'll include a link in the lesson notes.
Now we could enable these type of security headers on our web server,
but that would require server configuration changes.
Or, like in our case,
we've moved entirely over to a static‑based website hosted from our S3 bucket.
We don't have a web server per se. CloudFront is doing that work for us.
Unfortunately,
CloudFront doesn't have the controls that lets us supply
these headers from the CloudFront settings.
But what it does do is let us apply a Lambda function to our behaviors.
We're going to inject these headers at the origin response and
then let CloudFront cache these headers for us.
That way, all proceeding requests received these headers.
Let's begin by opening up the Lambda service in the AWS console.
Click Create function. On this screen, we'll use the Author from scratch option,
and then we'll go through and fill out our options. For name, I'll use
theevent‑security‑headers. And for this function,
I'm going to choose a Python 3.8 run time.
Remember, you can choose either Python or JavaScript. For Permissions.
I'll let it create a new role with basic permissions for us.
Then I'll click Create function at the bottom.
Now we find our actual function where we can apply
our code and manage our settings.
As I scroll down, you'll see where our code goes.
Let's go ahead and replace the boilerplate code with our
header function and then click Deploy.
We've just launched a Lambda function. But in order for
us to turn it into an @Edge function,
we need to publish a version which can be replicated to all edge caches.
Click Actions and then Publish new version. And then, I like to give it a
label to easily references this in the future.
We click Publish.
Now, before we go adding this to our CloudFront distribution,
we need to update one permission.
It's called the trust relationship.
This grants a permission trust with the edge properties,
which allows our functions to execute at the edge caches.
Once we've done that,
head back to your Lambda, and copy the ARN of your latest version. And
we'll take that over to our CloudFront distribution. Go to Behaviors and
then to our default behavior. Scroll to the bottom and add our function to
create an Origin Response association.
Save that and let it deploy.
Don't forget to invalidate your current cache copy so that the next
request will execute the function to cache our headers.
And that should be it.
When you request your site again, you should find your new headers.
So, as you can see,
it's very simple to add a Lambda@Edge function to your CloudFront distribution. And by now, you should understand all of the benefits.